this one chrome extension will boost
your rankings
you don't have to be a seo genius to
optimize your site for google you just
need to use tools out there that are at
your fingertips but there's an issue
even if you have the tools out there
over time you'll forget and stop using
them so what do you do
well you can use a chrome extension that
ties in with your daily habits
look every day you use google or close
to every other day heck you probably use
it multiple times a day because roughly
5.6 billion searches happen on google
each day
that's why i want you to go and download
the uber suggest chrome extension that
way when you browse a site or perform
searches on google you'll find
opportunities to boost your google
rankings so let's go over how you can
boost your rankings using the uber says
chrome extension which is free by the
way
first when you do a google search it'll
show you the search volume this will
give you keyword ideas to integrate into
your site and on the right side you'll
also see more keywords with the volume
that you can also target to go after to
generate even more traffic
now whenever you're doing a search you
may see some competitors
with uber says it'll show you how many
links that site has the social shares
and even the keywords that that page is
ranking for so if you want to create
similar content that's ranking for that
one keyword it'll show all the other
secondary or primary keywords that that
page also ranks for that and you want to
use those keywords within your page when
you're creating content now here's also
what's cool
i myself go to my competitor sites every
once in a while to see what they do i
don't obsess about my competitors i'm
more so obsessed about my competition
but i do keep track of what my
competitors are doing which is healthy
now with ubersudus you just click that
little u button in the chrome extension
bar or within google chrome and it'll
show you all the data on your
competitors their traffic their site
issues the keywords that they get to
track from the backlinks so that way you
know
what
websites to go after for more backlinks
what keywords to go after that you're
not going after what issues that your
competitors have that you want to fix
and get a leg up on them but that's how
you continually do seo each and every
single day without really focusing on
seo because it's right in front of you
and integrating your daily habits that's
why i created the chrome extension it's
free use it check it out i hope you love
it if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching